There are three things that you would need to know before we start with this.
Let's discuss those in this mall with you.
The first thing is all the code that we use during this course is pleasant on a good hand possibly.
So you can go to get her dot com slash in 20:28 jargon to your questions and answers and you'd be able
to see all the code that we use during this course.
This link should also be available in the resources.
The second thing is the PTF guide the PDA guide would act as a quick reference whenever you want to
refresh what we have discussed in this court.
Go to the resources section of the video and you should be able to download the PDA of guide from there.
We use a clip to show the code examples in discourse.
The PDA here has detailed instructions on how you can install Eclipse Java and Aalto.
You can import the code from this particular repository so that it's available for easy reference.
Those are the three things that we wanted to discuss during this step get a repository up idea of guide
and how you can install Eclipse.
Once you have this ready and set up you're ready to get started with the cause.
Let's get started.